oh my gosh Lee makes me so happy it just
warms my heart when I try this product
hello my friends welcome to my februari
favorites and fails countdown I hope
you're as excited as I am about the
countdown I cannot wait to show you the
worst products I've tried this month all
the way up to the best starting with
number 10 number 10 was a product that I
got in a subscription box and this is
the pacifica natural minerals power of
love powerful color natural lipstick
what they don't tell you on the tube it
is it also has a very powerful terrible
sent it is probably the or smelling lip
product i have ever smelled in my life
I'm gonna smell one more time for you oh
lordy bitches no no but it smells like a
mixture of Plato and plastic like every
time I smell it I smell some kind of
nasty concoction of nastiness I will
swash it for you so you can see it is a
nice color the formula is a little bit
pulley you know when you have to kind of
pull on your lips to get the color to go
on so it is a little bit dry it's a
gorgeous shade but it smells really rude
about it and it lingers on the lips
doesn't it smell bad the tube but you
can smell it I mean your nose is right
here your lips are right here you're
gonna be able to smell your lip product
most likely and yeah this is not a
pleasant scent so this is a big huge
know for me this month number 9 this
month is a very in effective product
this is the even I speed it up blow dry
spray now I have very very thin hair it
only takes me I'm not even kidding you
three minutes to dry my hair three
minutes from wet to dry this when I
spray this in my hair it not I'm not
even kidding you takes me exactly three
minutes to dry my hair it says it's a
speeded-up blow dry spray for speedy
blowouts heat protection nourishes with
argan oil and sunflower seed butter for
all hair types I do like it as a spray
but it it says it's a speed it up blow
dry spray and it does not do that like I
SAT there with the phone timer and I
timed it and this does not do anything
for me maybe this will work better with
somebody with thicker hair that takes it
has a longer
drying time but for me this did
absolutely nothing the next product is
the Milani prep set and go this is a
transparent face powder and this just
didn't do anything for me over my face I
would put it and it nothing would be
different like I could barely tell that
it was powdered at all I don't know why
it's the strangest thing and when I
swatch it it gets all chunky dunk like I
don't I don't know what the deal is with
it it doesn't blend out nicely I mean
like the tart tart has one of these that
works really really really well and
there's just something up with this
formula that it just doesn't do anything
for me so I was really sad about this
because I root for Milania I want Milani
to do well but Milani has been failing
me lately there's another Milani product
coming up really soon as you know right
now this is the Milani eyeshadow palette
this is new this is the must-have
neutrals everyday eyes eyeshadow
collection this is a little bit higher
on my products I didn't particularly
care for list this is not a bad i shall
palette it's just not a good eye shadow
palette it is kind of difficult to work
with lasting power is not very good but
you can initially create some very nice
i looks with this the initial look is
actually quite pretty but as it wears
through the day no matter what I primer
I've use with it it just doesn't last
which makes me super duper sad because I
heard these things were amazing and this
just hasn't been amazing for me mostly
in lasting power and then ease of use
it's again it's not a bad palette it's
just not a good palate moving up the
chain a little bit we have the benefit
tinted primer they are real I've been
using this for a couple of months now I
actually meant to mention this last
month but since i didn't will mention it
this month it looks very much like wand
wise like the benefit they're real
mascara the big huge difference is this
is a very soft product you'll get a
little bit of length with this a tiny
bit of volume with this and that brown
tinted shade so if you like a very very
natural looking just a touch of color
added on to your eyelashes you can use
this alone you can also use this
underneath your mascara and it will give
you a touch more length and volume but
just a touch more it's not as amazing as
I hope that would be I heard it's very
well paired with the original there
real mascara but I don't own that
currently and I'm not spending all
morning on it so I have not tried it
like that but for me it was just kind of
an okay product moving on to some things
that I really do like this is the rascal
ixr misc this is the thermal shine
missed no hold this does have no hold it
is just a shine miss one thing I like
about it here I'm gonna spray a little
bit on right now you hear that little
Shh and it just gives a little miss and
then when you pull it down through your
hair it just gives you a little bit of
shine one thing that I've noticed though
if you just noticed spray a little on
this side is it does kind of flatten my
curls a little bit when I do have my
hair curl but with my hair is straight
girlfriend oh my gosh this stuff is
fabulous it just gives a really nice
natural shine now don't expect this to
hold down flyaways or anything like that
but it does give a really nice shine i'm
a big fan of these rusk products these
cans or fab I have a couple of products
from Ross and I like them all this one
is no exception it's a really nice
product next is a fun one this is the
baby lips bomb bowl by Maybelline I
bought this on a whim I was driving my
kids to a birthday party in my lips were
just super dry and I was like I am
stomping off at the drugstore and i'm
getting a lip balm because i just
couldn't take it it just in my lips just
hurt so being a member lips get that dry
words like oh my gosh so that's the way
I felt so I ran in I saw these and I
knew they were brand new because of
what's up and make up from my makeup new
show I was like oh my gosh they're brand
new I totally have to try one so I
grabbed one they are quite pricey for a
drugstore lip balm product but they are
pigmented which is very nice to have a
pigmented product at the drugstore like
this they remind me intent to the sugar
rose products but I don't feel like
there is hydrating I like the ingredient
list better in the sugar rose better
than this also the ball is a little
awkward but it's like I almost wish that
they had done the same back to make it
cool but then pulled it up a little
taller so that it was easier to apply to
the lips without making a mess because
now that it's got color in it it's easy
to get outside the lines so you know
that's kind of my only critique of it
but formula wise I'm very much enjoying
it I was very surprised how much I've
really been having fun with this and
it's very easy to go in my jacket pocket
which is also a big win alright these
next three are just all really really
good
products this is a very exciting product
for me this is a Smashbox insta matte
lipstick transformer okay so the idea
behind this is you put on a glossy
lipstick you put this on top it turns
into a matte lipstick but because it is
not a true matte formula you don't get
that drying feeling so we're going to go
ahead and test it out real quick this is
the lacquer and company lip lube that is
one of the products that have on in my
lip combination probably the one that
you can see the most we're going to get
real close and personal and i'm going to
show you why i like this because people
say that if you put on the smashbox
photo finish primer it does the same
thing and i'm going to show you that it
doesn't do the same thing so this is let
me put a big old swatch of this i'm
going to color in my hand big swatch
right there you go so you can see the
shine on that there you go now let us do
the smashbox first the photo finish
regular primer the face primer and we're
going to put that on this side and you
can see the difference in the gloss this
one is definitely less shiny but it
still has a little bit of shine to it
also the opacity of the lipstick is gone
pretty much I've rubbed it in okay now
let's do the insta Matt probably put on
a little too much there there we go okay
so there is the insta Matt okay so you
can see there's a little shine here
there's no shine here and then there's
the original so it is quite different
then the then using the primer by itself
of course there are many different
silicone primers out there so it's
possible that a different silicone based
primer is going to do the same thing on
your lips but I personally think that
this is a unique formula I haven't
looked at the ingredient list but I its
performance wise i can tell a huge
difference between the instrument and
using the smashbox face primer with it
so I don't know it's a big win for me
I'd love to know your opinion and what
you use on your lips in order to mattify
your lip product if you have a different
idea definitely leave that in a comment
below but for me this is a really big
win number two is a product that is not
available anymore as is but you can
still get the individual products that's
why I want to show it to you I found
this in my local nordstrom rack this is
the two faced little black book of
bronzers this was available for the past
holiday season and it comes with all of
their bronzers now each of these
bronzers is available individually at at
to face calm you can get them at sephora
things like that i'm telling you this
one in pink leopard is my new favorite
it is such a cool bronzer it really is
like a bronzer / highlight in one it is
so stinkin gorgeous and I love it it
makes me so happy another one that I
really really love is the snow bunny
bronzer that one is really fab dark
chocolate the chocolate and the milk
chocolate of course our staple matt
bronzers I haven't used Sun bunny
endless summer or beach bunny quite as
much I used to own son bunny and it got
old and I have to throw it away but that
one's a nice one too and was summer has
this is about about the same tone as
milk chocolate it's just got a little
bit of shimmer in it and then beach
bunny is just striped out I would
imagine this would be really gorgeous on
a deeper skin tone or in the summer so
I'm excited to have this for future for
summer because summer is spring and
summer are coming and I have a nice
collection of bronzer so if you can find
this anywhere I definitely recommend
picking it up it was totally worth the
discounted price I think it was worth
the full price as well it's it's nice to
have all of them all in one place and
it's not so big that it's cumbersome and
takes up a lot of room so really really
wonderful product here and my favorite
product of februari my favorite product
which I don't know I might have gotten
this first day of March I don't think I
did I think I got it end of februari so
I'm counting it peanut butter jelly time
peanut butter jelly time cuz it is so
good oh my god it's so good it's so good
oh my gosh Lee makes me so happy it just
warms my heart when I try this product
when he is this product it's just like
oh my gosh it's amazing so I only got
this because my friend Laura over at
mrs. Lowell and reviewed it and it
pushed me over the edge I was like all
right Laura loves it I have to get it I
thought it
kind of ordinary because I looked here
and I was like there's way too much
peanut butter and not enough jelly like
I was hoping to get some more pinky
shades some more you know maybe a
lighter purple shade something like said
the quality of the shadows is so good so
good they're so easy to use the only
other critique I have of it is there's
only kind of a limited number of
versatile looks to do with this I mean
you like that sunset kind of look on
your eyes you are absolutely going to
love the peanut butter and jelly palette
everybody's asking what it smells like
to me it smells like Reese's Pieces with
a little bit of chocolate thrown in it
smells very nice it smells kind of
artificially though like it's on the
smell like real peanut butter it smells
more like candy peanut butter but it's
very nice to face did a good job I
cannot wait for the sweet peach palette
oh my gosh peach rings peach rings are
you kidding me it's supposed to smell
like peach rings totally want that and I
bet you that's probably gonna end up in
one of my favorites videos in the future
so that leads me into the end of the
video where you're going to subscribe
hitting a button right there so that you
don't miss my reviews of future products
including the sweet peach felt because I
am getting it it's going to happen as
soon as it comes out it will be mine and
I will review it for you so I want to
thank you so much for watching if you're
not ready subscribe like I said hit the
subscribe button and that you don't miss
my future videos and what's at the
makeup every sunday morning at
nine-thirty a.m. eastern time where I
tell you all the latest makeup releases
all over the United States thank you so
much for watching my favorites video
this month and mad love to you I will
see you in the next video bye